feat(split): add size and on-update:size, controlled properties (#5582)
tusen-ai/naive-ui: src/split/demos/enUS/index.demo-entry.md

| Name | Type | Default | Description | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| default-size | `number` | `0.5` | Default split size, 0-1 is a percentage. | 2.36.0 |

> | size | `number` | `undefined` | Split is the controlled split size, with 0-1 representing the percentage | 2.37.4 |
> | on-update:size | `(value: number) => void` | `undefined` | When a controlled property is used, it is triggered when the size property of the component changes | 2.37.4 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| size | `number` | `undefined` | Split is the controlled split size, with 0-1 representing the percentage | NEXT_VERSION |
| on-update:size | `(value: number) => void` | `undefined` | When a controlled property is used, it is triggered when the size property of the component changes | NEXT_VERSION |
```
see https://github.com/tusen-ai/naive-ui/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.zh-CN.md#关于文档和变更日志的格式
